Welcome to Movie Shortens, follow us to a
movie titled: Beneath!
Beware, there are spoilers!
The movie starts in murky lake waters as we
see the silhouette of someone swimming.
Panning up from under the surface, we see
a girl treading water.
A moment later, a fin cuts through the water
and Johnny is awoken from his dream.
Johnny gets out of bed and begins packing
as he has plans to go on a trip with a friend.
He and his friends Kitty, Deb, Zeek, Matt,
and Simon all ride up to the lake.
Kitty and Matt start making out, as Simon
who is driving looks over at this act.
His focus is quite intent and this causes
him to nearly hit another car.
He apologizes and they soon arrive.
Johnny unlocks the gate and the group venture
on.
Finally arriving at the lake, the group discover
a boat.
After a bit of struggle, they carry it to
the lake.
Kitty walks away, with Johnny trailing behind
her.
He offers her a necklace telling her to wear
it as it will keep her safe.
She accepts and heads back towards the group.
Johnny grabs his backpack and is greeted by
his grandpa’s friend, Mr. Parks.
He asks what he is up to, and Johnny tells
him that they are enjoying the culmination
of graduating.
Johnny plans to head across the lake with
his friends but Mr. Parks exclaims that it’s
a bad idea.
He says they need to be respectful of the
lake.
The group board the boat and start rowing
across the lake.
As his friends paddle, Johnny gazes at the
water, watching the paddles as they go in
and out of the water.
Matt stops rowing the boat and suggests they
jump in the lake.
Johnny protests, but his friends ignore his
remark.
Matt, Deb, and Kitty jump into the lake.
Simon then lights a firecracker, Johnny protests
yet again, telling him to stop.
When Johnny reaches for a beer, he pulls out
a necklace stringed with teeth and places
it around his neck.
At this moment, something bumps the boat,
it begins to shake and everyone begins freaking
out.
It turns out that it is just Matt rocking
it back and forth, who then gets something
to drink, and goes back to swimming.
Deb and Kitty are wading in the water, reminiscing
about the past few years, and how high school
is now over.
At this time, Matt surfaces, and begins wading
with them.
Something bumps the boat again, and the 3
on the boat call out to the others telling
them to come back.
Johnny looks over the side of the boat and
sees a large catfish heading towards the others
still in the water.
He however says nothing about the impending
danger.
The 3 of them are oblivious as to what is
coming, but it brushes past them and they
finally agree to swim back to the boat.
While swimming, Kitty turns around and sees
something approaching.
All three are able to make it back safely.
Matt and Simon begin freaking out and decide
to stab the water repeatedly using the paddles.
Simon’s paddle then gets caught on something
causing him to lose the paddle.
Deb reaches out attempting to grab the paddle,
and just then the catfish lunges and attempts
to bite her.
Deb sits down but realizes that the fish has
bitten her puncturing an artery.
She is bleeding profusely, and asks for a
rope to help stop the loss of blood.
Deb exclaims that they need to get the paddle
so that they can get to the shore quicker.
Matt makes an attempt but unfortunately, the
catfish is waiting for him.
It bites through the paddle, narrowly missing
Matt's hand.
Zeke attempts to tell everyone that Deb has
died but the rest of the group are preoccupied.
The group begin paddling back to shore with
only one paddle.
As the group wonder what they will tell Deb’s
mom, the catfish returns and nudges the boat.
Simon hits it with the paddle.
The catfish breaks the paddle causing it to
split, so Simon uses this to his advantage
and stabs the catfish, risking the chance
of being pulled into the water.
The group are then able to pull Simon back
into the boat, but the catfish continues swimming
into the boat, causing a puncture.
Matt then notices Johnny being quiet, so he
asks why the freak out about jumping into
the water.
He then asks if he knew about the catfish,
but Johnny declares that he didn’t.
Simon grabs Johnny by the shirt, pushing his
head over the boat and begins telling him
that he is lying.
Eventually Johnny confesses to knowing about
the catfish, though he claims that he didn’t
believe in the stories he had heard.
Kitty then mentions the necklace he gave her
to keep her safe, insinuating he is lying.
Everyone is angry as he allowed them to come
to such a dangerous place.
Zeke then thinks over the situation, coming
up with a plan to use Deb’s body as bait.
Though there is hesitation from Kitty, eventually
they agree to push Deb’s body overboard.
This way they can paddle back to shore and
not be the target.
Kitty prays over Deb, and the boys push her
overboard.
As she floats away, the catfish takes the
body underwater as the group begins paddling
away.
It doesn’t take long for the catfish to
finish his meal so Zeke warns them to stop
paddling.
They then try bailing water from the boat,
and attempt to use the cooler lid as a paddle.
Soon after, the fish resurfaces biting the
lid and swimming away with it.
The group then starts throwing their food
into the water and begin using the cooler
to bail water.
Simon thinks that since they can see the catfish
and the paddle, they are safe to paddle by
hand, but it suddenly turns around causing
them to stop.
Zeke then says that the only reason they made
it as far as they did was because it was eating
Deb’s body.
He then suggests throwing Johnny overboard
as he is the reason that they’re all here
in the first place.
With time running out, Matt says Johnny should
go over.
Enraged, Johnny then jumps into the water
and begins swimming away.
The catfish follows his trail and then slips
under the surface.
The group is then confident to resume paddling.
Tension begins to boil over as the fish comes
back yet again.
They devise a plan to use the fireworks which
will harm the catfish, but it proves ineffective.
Simon suggests they need another distraction.
As the catfish turns around, Matt agrees,
and so they start focusing on Zeke.
In desperation, Zeke says we should ask Kitty
who she has slept with on the boat.
He denies ever touching her, but tells Matt
to ask his brother.
While Simon denies anything, Zeke says he
has Kitty on record cheating on Matt.
Simon then punches Zeke in the face, and throw
him overboard.
As he tries to hang on, they kick at his hands.
Not long after the catfish comes and tears
Zeke apart.
First biting his arm.
We then see that Johnny has made it to shore,
and he’s fairly near to a motorboat.
Back on the boat, Matt questions his brother
if he has been cheating, and Simon says no.
Matt then starts pondering he and Zeke’s
friendship, and how he might have been able
to make something out of his life.
Matt spurred to action starts throwing anything
unnecessary overboard.
He reaches into Johnny's bag finding a condom
and a hatchet.
Simon then grabs the cooler to use as a paddle,
but the fish soon takes that away as well.
The catfish then comes back attacking the
boat.
Kitty has had it so she grabs the hatchet
and begins striking the fish.
Soon they hear the sound of a motorboat.
They see Johnny in the boat and start to feel
relieved.
As he arrives, they ask him how he will save
them, Johnny responds saying he will tow them
back.
They ask why they can’t join him in the
speedboat, and he says he’s worried he’ll
be thrown off again.
Johnny hesitates, but then throws a rope over
to them.
They tie their end to the boat, and Johnny
begins attempting to tow them.
The catfish returns, ramming Johnny’s boat,
causing it to spin.
The rope then starts wrapping around Johnny’s
neck.
Kitty grabs the hatchet but Simon warns her
not to.
Even though she had the ability to save Johnny,
she allowed him to choke to death.
Matt and Simon then pull the boat, thinking
they are saved, but the catfish inevitably
knocks them over.
Simon and Matt try to flip the boat back over
but the rope is too close to the propeller.
It slices the rope and also breaks in the
process.
They then wait for the catfish to eat Johnny’s
body, but are shocked as doesn’t seem interested,
swimming away.
Simon then attempts to make new paddles, using
the hatchet to break up the wooden seats on
the boat.
Between paddling, Matt asks what really happened
with Simon and Kitty.
They deny everything, but Matt protests saying
he won’t paddle untill he receives an answer.
Simon suggests another vote.
Kitty then says that anything that has happened
doesn’t matter.
She finally admits to her infidelity promising
that she will never do it again.
Simon and Matt begin fighting over Kitty.
Simon points towards Kitty saying that she
came to Simon thinking he was her ticket to
a better life.
The brothers then vote Kitty off the boat.
Before going, she tells Matt that whenever
they were intimate, she was thinking of Simon.
Matt throws her overboard.
Kitty tries to get back on board, but Simon
stops her.
She then slips beneath the waves.
Simon starts provoking Matt, and they get
into a small scuffle.
Simon diffuses the fight, and apologizes,
then tries to hit Matt using the hatchet.
Matt dodges his attempt and is then able to
use the hatchet hitting Simon’s head.
Simon is then knocked off the boat.
Matt swims out to Simon attempting to save
him.
Simon then sees the catfish, and pushes Matt
into the catfish saving himself.
Kitty, still alive and floating on the overturned
boat, reaches over grabbing Johnny’s necklace.
Not long after the catfish comes and eats
Johnny.
She realizes that the necklace can protect
her, so she jumps into the water and swims
back to shore.
When she arrives, she is greeted by Simon.
Simon is upset that Kitty has chosen Matt
over him, but then embraces her with a kiss.
This then leads to him choking her, pushing
her head under water and drowning her.
After she dies, he tells her that she will
never leave the lake.
A second later, lights shine on him as he
is holding Kitty’s body.
He drops her body and is then confronted by
Mr. Parks.
He asks about Johnny, to which Simon says
there was an accident.
Mr. Parks then says he was a kind boy, and
that he and his granfather were good friends
of his for many years.
Simon then tries to lie about his actions
and the deaths.
Mr. Parks shows Simon the video camera that
Zeke had, revealing he knows what Simon has
done.
Mr. Parks then pulls out a gun telling Simon
to try his luck with the lake.
Simon begs to be spared, but Mr. Parks opens
fire.
The first shot misses, but the second hits
his Simon’s leg.
The catfish then comes dragging Simon to his
death.
Like and subscribe for more videos like this
and don’t forget to hit the notifications
bell.
Thanks for watching!